[music]
greet you dear friends in touch
professor keecker all our affection with you
already come to an end but I did one
slight omission i forgot you
talk about a map more human
body and the subject and will be devoted
our video
[music]
and how to start directly
considering the card more on our
a copy of the experimental, I note that different
people differently carry tattoos on
same places also in women for
week and during the menstrual cycle
increases sensitivity and it happens
sometimes ticklish even the most unpredictable
all locations can be in the lives of most
the frequency of that irah and we places it hands
so let's start and directly link
our hand consists of fingers
nonsense shoulders and attention friends this one
the part is called the forearm and this one
the part is called the shoulder respectively
this is the inner side of the cry
I will say in advance that I share an approximate
pore pain means four types first
this is normal the second is tolerable third
it hurts and 4
where do you drown stop the sick
the places on the hand are directly brush
and fingers as is the lower part
forearm elbow and inner side
shoulder
Well, everything in general but clear instead
rings rings here also located
bones as for the shoulder so here
there are a lot of nerve endings
as well as sweat glands
therefore it is not necessary to choose 1 tattoo
it is these places all the rest on hand
I also want to note separately
tattoos that do on the inside
the hand and fingers is not necessary
do them why are you very often
use your hand in everyday life
look after the tattoo will
quite difficult well and 90 percent
choose you just in time
here
go to the torso well let's go from the bottom up
the most painful places here are these
why here is very thin skin
next is equal to the solar plexus and
owed the junction of nerve endings to transform
really quite a painful place
due to the fact that the bones stick out also
only bones come here
bulge out
go directly to 6 head very
hit very hard on his Adam's apple
Well, the whole head is very painful
open place everything else
pretty tolerable
oh yeah forgot nipples asleep and as for
back then all pretty tolerant
maliciously apart from the district itself
spine itself why is it because
vertebrae bulge out
obso below all intimate zone as well
inner thigh and buttocks
muscles pretty painful area
why because there are so many
nerve endings
well you understand me hope also very
it hurts to do here in this place
back of the knee by the way the name
This part of the body is not in one
dictionary it's true go to screen in
the principle of the game is pretty tolerant
zone except that the exception is to
a place where pasta is laid bare and due to
that skin is thin
it becomes very painful for us
concerns the lower leg and also the rise of the foot
this place is called lifting the foot by the way
speaking on the model of the foot to do a tattoo
pretty sick the reason that
Again, the skin is thin and the bones are not necessarily
works specifically here at this place hurt
Further, everything is pretty tolerable that
concerns this very patient zone here
this knee
why because here is in
nearby skin bones as well here
is a bundle of nerve when hit in
it can give pain or in the course
things are either down or somewhere near everything
the rest is in principle quite tolerable
and tolerably well as for intimate areas
I think everyone understands everything very much
thin skin and also she is very
sensitive and well and by itself and
hold it down
the zone starts to touch you there and you
starting to get excited blood starts
shed
and it is not clear how it all ends
maybe not even a tattoo
today we briefly ran through
map over the human body and rise
world want to say the following what is
pain as well as happiness everyone understands
in its own way and because everything is known in
comparing
so don't be afraid just go and do
tattoo and then tell your with
cycle you have a friend like you hurt
or not while you smoke together
spice panic everyone thanks for watching
communication friend professor kiki bye
[music]
come on then why yes you can now dope
cling wait my aim is not to make fun
damn do not need anything then fucking